Update README.md (#43)
snowflakedb/dplyr-snowflakedb: README.md

limitations under the License.
-->

## NOTE

> This package is no longer being maintained and RStudio has picked up support for Snowflake in their packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is no longer being maintained. RStudio has added support for Snowflake in their odbc and dplyr packages. 
```
